Arie Williams
Oct. 31 2018

9.1
a) What bundle does is take all the relevant files to a particular web-app and combines/condenses it, including
 the imported files, reducing the number of individual HTTP requests to the server by combining multiple files.
 The new file is 6.13KB which is quite a bit smaller than combining all the files which would roughly be about over 200KB
 It ends up loading in react, react-dom, jquery.min, remarkable.min, and bundle.js

 b) Babel makes sure the application is using the next versions of JavaScript and it uses JavaScript syntax extensions,
  such as React's JSX in order to integrate and compile every type of feature and extensions you want to make available
  to the code

c) Yes because bundle isn't affecting what the server can be presented, but also no because there aren't actually any HTML
 elements in the index.html to render so nothing is displayed but the form.

 d)It takes the jsx file and pre-processes them in order to serve them up efficiently.

9.2
 a) The bundle is now larger at 1.31GB, because there more files to bundle because of the imports and then linking to the index.HTML
    It has also made index.html a lot cleaner to look at because it is a lot emptier and takes only what is necessary.

 b) Since web pack is made to import and configure all the files, we never take in the same file twice. Also when we import files
    they are being placed into the correct location in our application, another packing features.

 c) Bundle looks like its the only thing being loaded. This is because all the modules are loaded into the same place and so they
    aren't being taken in individually, that includes everything.

9.3
 a) From what I can tell there isn't much of a difference in the two ports, it could be that the new port takes a bit shorter to load.
    But the servers are both development/testing servers it isn't placed publicly and only stays on the localhost. When I look at the
    react modules and commit my changes the 3001 refreshes a lot faster and shows the changes quicker. Index and bundle stay the same.

 b) When I load in the /api/comments gives me a list of all my JSON comments, this port doesn't automatically reload/display the old changes.
 c)
